hi YouTube so this is one of my favorite
recipes and I've been wanting to make it
for you for a while but I always seem to
have my hands full when it comes time to
make it so here it is this is my baked
apple oatmeal recipe and I eat this for
breakfast almost every single day i love
it because i can put it together in one
night and we eat on it for the whole
week so when breakfast comes in the
morning i'm not a morning person I have
this to eat and it's good its healthy
it's go to I don't have to think about
it and I don't have to make it in the
morning when I'm still running on fumes
so this is a really good base recipe so
you can switch up the fruits if you want
to and you can switch up the ratios for
what is put into it as far as the
liquids go it's just a really good go-to
recipe and you can eat it hot or cold so
I hope you guys like it but here's what
you're gonna need you're going to need
measuring spoons measuring cups I just
use one half cup size measuring cup a
large bowl a medium to small sized Bowl
a pie plate or like a medium sized
casserole and aluminum foil and these
are the ingredients we need for oatmeal
we need brown sugar like vanilla soymilk
0% Greek yogurt cinnamon salt baking
powder baking soda oatmeal and apples
the first thing you're going to want to
do is pre-heat your oven to 375 degrees
and then we're going to add all of our
wet ingredients into our medium-sized
Bowl so I have one egg and we're going
to add it into our medium-sized Bowl
along with one cup of Greek yogurt so
this gives it a really good consistency
and it also adds a lot of protein to it
so sometimes I'll make this just with
just with milk or just the soy milk and
it's fine too but this adds the extra
protein to it and they had Greek yogurt
on sale so why not all right and then
I'm going to add a cup and a half of soy
milk and like you probably should be
using a measuring cup made for liquid
when you do this but I really don't want
to do the dishes so I use one measuring
cup for anything I can
and brown sugar is also considered a wet
ingredient so you add a quarter cup of
brown sugar which is the equivalent to
four tablespoons and I just lightly pack
it you don't need a lot of sugar in the
source of C because you get a lot of
sugar from the apples and if you're
really trying to lower the point you can
use stevia or you can use splenda if you
want to I'm trying to stay away from the
fake sugars as I can so we're just going
to mix this all together it's going to
take a minute to come together sometimes
it's good to use a whisk it just depends
on how much time you just been stirring
for our dry ingredients we're going to
add two cups of oatmeal and this is a
half cups or you're going to see we put
four in there
look at that cute little boy he's Mama's
helper all right and then we're going to
put a half a teaspoon of baking soda and
a half a teaspoon of baking powder so as
i said i like to use these three dishes
as possible but you really do need two
bowls because otherwise i find that the
ingredients don't get combined well so
i'm going to put that in there I'll be
right back alright so there it is I also
added a quarter teaspoon of salt and I
add about a tablespoon of cinnamon I
like a lot of cinnamon that is a lot of
cinnamon so beware you might want to
start off with less but and I measure it
just by sight because it doesn't have
any point value to it no real calories
to speak up so you just want to stir
this together and then we're going to
add our wet ingredients to this all
right obviously I'm not a professional
photographer here but I cook it's what I
don't take things all right so you want
to stir this together and you want it to
let once it gets good and stirred you
just want to let it sit there for a
minute to combine while you're doing
that you're going to grease your pie
plate and we're going to put our apples
in all right there's my pie plate and I
just spray it with a little bit of pan
because obviously I don't want a lot of
extra points and you don't really need
it so you just spray and then we're
going to pour our apples in this is
about three cups of apple apples ish and
we're just going to pour it in here and
this is going to make like the effect of
like an apple pie consistency on the
bottom of it they get all gooey and warm
and delicious and I always feel like I'm
eating something bad but I'm really not
and then we're going to give the oatmeal
another minute to set and then we're to
pour it on top I'm not sure if you can
tell but this has um
it's absorbed some of the liquid so this
is when we want to pour it in okay so
this is what it looks like now and at
this point you want to rock your
cry-baby and as you rock your crying
baby with one hand you want to take with
the same hand and then put foil lightly
on to the top of it you're going to wrap
this around the corners and then you're
going to throw it in the oven at 375 for
30 minutes okay it's been 30 minutes so
we're going to take the foil off at this
point that's what it looks like still
needs to cook longer about another 20
minutes so we'll come back in 20 minutes
and it should be kind of golden brown
and done looking and this is our
finished product yummy yummy yummy it's
delicious that's my finished product so
that brings in at for weight watchers
points as I made it and if you add more
sugar it will go up also if you use all
skim milk or two percenter como the
points value will go up but that serves
8 people or eight servings and it's
really delicious and I'm always
completely satisfied with eight servings
so you can make it six if you want to
but for me it's a little too big so I
hope you guys like it and I'm going to
have some for dessert tonight with ice
cream on top we'll see you later bye